= HTML Acceptance

HTLM Acceptance helps you track, fix, and come to terms with your HTML's validity, or lack thereof.  
The idea is to take an html markup string associated with a particular resource (file or URL),
and validate it. HTML Acceptance is intended to be used in acceptance tests, test suites or rake tasks
to alert you to changes in your html's validity so you can fix them, or barring that, review and accept
any errors and warnings. 


== Usage:

    h=HTMLAcceptance.new('/tmp/validation')
    v=h.validator("<html>foo</html>", 'http://somesite.com/index.html')
    
    # Note: the second argument (resource) is just an identifier used to name our results files,
    # and that no data is actually retrieved for you from the URL.

    v.valid?
    -> false
    
    v.exceptions
    ->  line 1 column 1 - Warning: missing <!DOCTYPE> declaration
    ->  line 1 column 9 - Warning: plain text isn't allowed in <head> elements
    ->  line 1 column 9 - Warning: inserting missing 'title' element
  
    v.accept!
    
    v.valid?
    -> true
	
	# Note that after the exceptions string has been accepted, the exceptions are still 
	# available in v.exceptions even though valid? will return true.
    
== Accepting Errors
    
    The HTML Acceptance gem stores data in the passed data_path. After a validation fails,
    run the html_acceptance rake task (in the gem's lib/tasks) to update validation failures.
    
    When failures occur, data regarding the failure, the html involved, and the exception
    return is stored within the data folder passed into HTMLAcceptance. To accept the failures/errors
    just open the folder, and find the .exception.txt file for the resource and rename it with 
    .accepted.txt.  Alternately, to review all failing tests, copy the included html_acceptance 
    rake task into your app and run it as follows:
    
    rake html_acceptance[/tmp/validation]
    
    Replace the data path with whatever folder you passed to HTMLAcceptance when you initially
    ran the validations.
    
   
== NOTES
    
    This is untested on Windows as I don't have access to a Windows machine at the moment. 
    It is (at least mostly) written so it could work on Windows. Pull requests in this area would
    be welcomed.  
                                   
== Requirements

    HTML Tidy needs to be either installed at /usr/bin/tidy or on the PATH.
        

== Contributing to html_acceptance
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.
    

Copyright (c) 2011 Eric Beland. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

